[ Man ]
Previously on Sons of Anarchy.
We’ve been buying guns
from you for over
a decade, McKeevy.
Got all the parts.
A couple assembled samples.
Then we got a week.
And he wants his 200 ki.
Otherwise, we lose.
The Irish pipeline
took our guns.
An A.T.F. agent.
I was with him.
It got violent.
I tried to end it.
He started stalking me.
I never thought
he’d follow me here.
Wanna go to war with me?
You sick piece of shit!
[ Jax ]
Kohn’s gone.
I watched him leave town.
You’re safe now.
I’ve seen the two of you
together. She’s still
got ties in you.
[ Jax ]
You know what? I don’t
give a shit what you think.
What I do, what Tara does–
it’s not your business.
So where are we at
with McKeevy’s cash?
Called in every marker we had.
Picked up another 40 grand.
Bobby got that gig in Laughlin.
The owner fronted him
the pay already.
- Here’s five grand more
for the pot.
- We got 130.
McKeevy heads back
to Ireland tomorrow,
and he’s gonna need
his whole 200 "K" by tonight.
We got one more place
left to go.
- The porn queen.
- Otto’s old lady?
Gemma says Luann is picking up
two G’s a week just from ad
revenue from her Web site.
Yeah. Factor in membership fees,
downloads– She’s making three
times that much.
You should have Gemma talk
to Luann. They’re tight.
Keep us clear of it.
- That makes sense.
- All right, well, I’m
going to St. Thomas anyway.
I’ll talk to Mom.
Kid gets out
of the toaster today.
- You get to hold your son?
- [ Chattering ]
- That’s great, Jackie boy.
Congrats.
- Seriously.
At least we know
one good thing’s
gonna happen today, huh?
[ Vehicles Approaching ]
Wait here, huh?
I thought we agreed
to meet alone.
My son Esai.
I don’t travel far
from home without family.
Well, hombre,
you’ve got a lot of family.
What do you want?
How’s your beef going
with the Niner’s?
You guys making
any ground stepping
on that heroin monopoly?
Eh, it sucks when
the competition’s
got all the big guns.
You make me drive 40 minutes
to shit talk me, asshole?
No.
Got something
you might find interesting.
Hope it’s your
last will and testament.
No. It’s part of
an A.T.F. file on the Sons.
How’d you like to take over
SAMCRO’s gun business?
Niggers can’t buy guns,
can’t protect their heroin.
Mayans win out on two fronts–
horse trade and gun running.
Their Irish gun supplier.
This is legit?
I also know when, what
and how their guns
are coming in.
Everything you need
to intercept and renegotiate
the distribution agreement.
Where’d you get this?
It’s a going away gift
from a disgruntled agent.
Enemy of an enemy’s
a friend, right?
So what do you say,
friend?
What do you want?
Same thing I always wanted.
Charming.
You kill Clay Morrow,
and while the chicken’s
running around without
a head, you hit the rest.
Wipe out SAMCRO.
That’s it?
A simple little massacre?
You sucking your own pipe,
gray boy?
Charming P.D. and the feds
have hit a wall
with these bastards.
They sent me this file
for a reason.
Now, do you really think
they’re gonna give a shit
about an outlaw bloodbath?
They’ll count the bodies,
count their blessings,
and close the case.
All right.
Hey, hold it.
It’s not that simple, man.
No. It is that simple, man.
You hit Clay first,
then you kill the rest.
I get Charming.
You get the gun intel.
Now what part
of that is confusing
your little brown brain?
Do it quick
before they catch on.
[ Can Hits Ground ]
What’d he want?
Gotta put down a couple of dogs
making my life miserable.
Let me and my boys do it.
You think you can handle
that weight?
Just tell me who.
SAMCRO boss.
And that greedy cracker
shithead.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Monitor Beeping ]
[ Door Opens ]
I’m sorry.
I didn’t mean to go off
on you last night.
I’m sorry too.
It was a crazy day.
Strange time, Jax.
So much shit is changing.
I just worry–
About you, about him.
About Tara.
What happened
with me and Tara...
is ancient history, Mom.
She hurt this family.
Tried to pull you away.
I didn’t leave, did I?
But she did.
Broke your heart.
I guess.
You guess?
She crushed you, Jax.
I was 19.
It was first love bullshit.
I grew up.
I got over it.
It’s time
you got over it too.
Somebody hurts your baby,
you never get over it.
Dr. Namid’s still in surgery.
It’s gonna be a while before
they take him out of there.
Yeah. I came early
to talk to you.
We need a favor.
Hey, baby.
Is Abel out yet?
No, not yet.
Appreciate you coming.
Oh, I wouldn’t miss it.
Can we talk?
I need to ask you a favor.
Sure.
What is it?
Well, it’s not
for me, actually.
It’s for the club.
They need 70 grand, cash,
by the end of the day.
What happened?
I don’t know details.
You want me
to front the money?
A loan. Yes.
[ Exhales ]
That’s a lot of cash.
I don’t know, Gemma.
I got a pretty good idea
what your bank account
looks like.
What does that mean?
Oh, come on.
Don’t get all humble now.
You’re always bragging
about the business–
The money,
the Corvette, new tits.
Here’s a chance to use your cash
for something that matters.
I paid my dues.
Six years of taking two
in the ass while some teenager
blew a load on my face.
I earned
that producer’s chair.
No one said
you didn’t earn it.
But Otto is the one
who fronted you the money–
pulled those dicks out
of your ass so you could
put it in that chair.
Don’t you ever forget that.
[ Exhales ]
I could probably
get my hands on 50.
Maybe 55.
That would really help.
Thank you.
Twenty percent.
What?
Interest.
It’s business.
You’d better rethink
that percentage.
Bad shit happens
to greedy whores.
- Five percent.
- Get it.
Oh, shit.
- [ Sirens Blaring ]
- Come on, man.
Get up on the hood.
Okay, man. Okay.
[ Sirens Continue ]
Shit.
On three.
One, two, three.
- [ Man ]
Okay. All right.
- [ Screaming ]
You’ll be okay.
You’re gonna be all right.
[ Screaming Continues ]
All right,
you’ve got help now.
[ E.M.T. ]
Hold on, sir.
Darby runs his meth lab
out of a diesel yard in Pope.
It’s where all the mill
drivers score their crank.
This is definitely
Darby’s shit.
This rock’s been
stepped on so many times
it’s barely a narcotic.
See, Darby’s making
his move into Charming
dealing at that lumber mill.
- Clay, we gotta send this Nazi
asshole a clear message now.
- All right–
Why don’t we just
go talk to the driver?
Ask him where
he bought the meth.
Go.
[ Chibs ]
How’s McKeevy’s cash piling up?
Luann came up with 55.
We need 15 more.
We got six hours to find it.
If you ever want to own
a top rocker, prospect,
then you better bring 15 grand
to the table, sharpish.
You got me?
[ Indistinct Conversations ]
[ Elevator Bell Dings ]
[ Jax ]
Darby’s guys.
Can’t be good.
[ Man Groaning ]
Holy shit.
- Andy.
- [ Groans ]
- Who did this to you?
- Nords.
- Why?
- I was in way deep
with Darby on my crank debt.
Like 2,700.
- Where you buying?
- Up in Pope.
- Not in Charming?
- Can’t score shit in this town.
[ Opie ]
Anybody you want us to call?
Family or friends?
No.
Oswald’s gonna fire
my ass when he finds
that tanker empty, man.
What are you talking about?
Well, the Nords said
that the diesel was payment
for my crank debt,
so they came here,
they beat the
shit out of me,
and they took my keys.
It was a full tanker?
Yeah.
It’s at the county impound
off the 18.
Well, there goes our 15 grand.
It’s goddamn S.O.A.
Yeah, here we go.
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Tires Squeal ]
[ Tires Squeal ]
- [ Gunshot ]
- [ Groans ]
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Tires Squeal ]
[ Horn Honking ]
[ Tires Squealing ]
- [ Groans ]
- [ Tires Squeal ]
What the hell, asshole!
- Easy, white boy.
- Put it on the ground.
- Dude, handle this for me.
- Where are you going?
- Get my top rocker.
- What?
[ Juice ]
Oh, no, you’re not.
[ Engine Starts ]
Yes, you are.
[ Chuckles ]
What the hell am I doing
meeting you out here
in the middle of nowhere?
Official police business.
Darby is dealing meth
at the diesel yard up in Pope.
And why would I give a shit
what happens in Pope?
I don’t know.
Just felt it was my civic duty
to share information on a crime.
You know?
Set a good example and all.
Yeah.
SAMCRO is a leader in
perpetuating civic reform.
[ Chuckles ]
Why am I looking
at one of Oswald’s tankers?
Ah. Leads us to
our next conversation–
with the owner
of Unser Trucking.
It’s 8,500 gallons
of diesel.
It’s yours for 20 "K."
Stolen diesel.
Gas costs gotta be
killing your bottom line.
I’m offering you
a 50% discount.
Half the cost, twice the risk.
Come on.
You fill your
pumps after dark,
and a uni finds the tanker
on the side of the road.
Insurance covers Oswald,
and you run your trucks
at a buck-ninety a gallon
for the next six weeks.
Where’s the risk in that?
Jesus Christ.
Can you at least pretend
I’m a cop sometimes?
I’m gonna need that in cash.
[ Chuckles ]
So you stole an ambulance?
I had nothing to do
with this.
Yeah.
Hell, these things are worth,
like, a hundred grand, easy.
Yeah, they are.
That’s why the people
who buy ’em are, like, state
and federal agencies and shit.
Okay.
So, uh, what?
- You want me to sell a stolen
vehicle to the government?
- [ Laughter ]
Oh. Uh, just–
Something like a small hospital
or something.
Oh, like, uh,
Uncle Freddy’s Infirmary?
What?
Why don’t you just steal,
like, a fire engine?
And then we could have
our own rescue center.
- We could have our own
little uniforms and hats.
- Okay, I get it.
That’s great.
I was just trying to, you know,
show a little initiative.
Hey, Chibs,
get rid of this thing
as soon as it gets dark.
- You got it.
- What the hell is this?
My prospect.
Just, you know,
thinking outside of the box.
- You get a chance to talk
to that tanker driver?
- Yeah.
Nords aren’t dealing
at the mill.
Driver bought the crank
up in Pope.
That’s where he filled
his tanker with diesel–
that I just sold to Unser.
We’re flush for the Irish.
Nah. Nah.
[ Laughter ]
My brother.
Ah, my brother.
[ Juice ]
Speech.
[ Voice Of John Teller ]
Einstein said that any
intelligent fool...
can make things bigger,
more complex and more violent.
But it takes a touch of genius
and lots of courage...
to move something
in the opposite direction.
I’m realizing that
my touch of genius
and my courage...
are coming
too little, too late.
And I fear that
for Sam Crow, there may be
no opposite direction.
[ Knocking ]
Jackie boy,
Clay’s waiting.
Okay.
Come on, kid.
We’re all set.
Devon just called.
The Irishman will meet you
in the bar in half an hour.
Guess you’ll need that.
- Yeah. I guess I will.
- [ Vehicle Approaching ]
Hey, I been calling you
on the cell.
- They’re taking Abel
out of the incubation chamber.
- Oh, shit. Okay.
Get your ass
over there, Dad.
Yup.
- Hey, baby.
- Plain clothes?
- Where you going?
- Meeting an Irishman
for a drink.
Well, be careful.
[ Motorcycle Engine Starts ]
- Hey, Tig.
- Yeah, darlin’?
- Watch him.
- Absolutely.
[ Billiard Balls Clacking ]
Hey.
Where’s McKeevy?
Don’t know.
His cousin’s waiting for you.
- You know this guy?
- He’s with the cause.
Doesn’t come stateside much.
Must be important.
Cam Hayes.
Michael’s cousin.
- Clay Morrow.
- Tig.
Have a seat, please.
- Where is he?
- He’s dead.
Jesus. How?
The Oakland park commissioner
threatened to bust open...
a shipment we
got coming in on Monday.
- Wants to triple
his payoff money.
- Hefner. Greedy prick.
Been riding roughshod
over the ports for years.
Michael was pissed.
Went off on him
for changing the deal.
Must have spooked Hefner.
He had his port goons
jump Michael.
They beat him,
broke his neck.
- Left him for dead.
- Sorry.
That’s awful shit, man.
Condolences.
Thank you.
Anything we can do
to help with this?
No. No, it’s personal.
I’ll handle Mr. Hefner.
Michael spoke very highly
of SAMCRO. Trusted you.
Hope to be able to
continue the relationship.
That’s why I’m here.
I’ll be your new contact.
I mean no disrespect.
I’m sure everything
you’re saying is the truth–
No, no.
Wish we had a secret handshake
or business card.
That’s the package there that we
were delivering to McKeevy.
Two months,
and a month insurance, 200 "K."
- Mind if I take a quick count?
- I got all night, brother.
Thank you.
Hey. Hey.
[ Laughs ]
I don’t know how
to break this
to you, kid.
But I’m your old man.
[ Door Shuts ]
[ Man ]
Are you kidding me?
These guys are a joke.
Is it just me?
Or are they horrible?
[ Pistol Cocks ]
Lovely.
This will float the cause,
keep SAMCRO and us in business.
Glad we could
work it out, Clay.
Me too, Cameron.
How is, uh,
the cause going?
Like any good war–
slow and steady.
Michael McKeevy.
Good soldier, good friend.
To a unified Ireland.
- It’ll never happen
through nonviolence.
- [ Clay ] Hear! Hear!
What the hell
do you guys want?
Get down.
[ Glass Shattering ]
- Aaah!
- [ Groans ]
[ Man ]
♪ You hadn’t an arm
You hadn’t a leg ♪
♪ Hurroo, hurroo ♪
- ♪ You hadn’t an arm
You hadn’t a leg ♪
- [ Screams ]
♪ You’ll have to be put
with a bowl to beg ♪
- ♪ Johnny, I hardly knew ya ♪
- Watch my back.
♪ We had guns and drums
and drums and guns ♪
♪ Hurroo, hurroo ♪
♪ We had guns and drums
and drums and guns ♪
Yo, we got it.
♪ Hurroo, hurroo ♪
Let’s go.
- What’s the matter, man?.
- I’m not sure
it’s the right dude.
Goddamn, it’s gotta be.
We gotta split, dog.
Let’s go.
♪ Johnny, I hardly knew ya ♪
[ Car Starts ]
♪ I’m happy for ♪
Clay, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
♪ Hurroo, hurroo ♪
[ Groaning ]
Oh, shit.
Aaah!
Cameron, that’s bad.
We gotta get you to an E.R.
I’m wanted
on four continents.
I can’t just
check into a hospital.
Call the guys.
Lock the doors.
Get some rags.
We need to apply some
pressure to these wounds.
Clay?
Mayans, man.
I guess it’s on.
And this war ain’t gonna be
slow and steady.
♪ Johnny, I hardly knew ya ♪♪
You okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I can’t
track down Gemma though.
She’s at the hospital
with the kid.
Okay. Good.
Where’s McKeevy?
He’s dead.
- Port commissioner
had him beat to death.
- Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
We’ll get rid of the Mexicans.
All right.
We’ll take care of Cam.
He’s hurt real bad.
We gotta get him back
to the clubhouse somehow.
Not a problem.
Uncle Freddy’s Infirmary
at your service.
[ Juice ]
Here we go.
I got you.
Aaah!
Slugs are deep.
Do you know what the hell
you’re doing, Scotsman?
Yeah.
- Five months in Her Majesty’s
armed forces as a medic.
- Five months, eh?
- Till I was court-martialed.
[ Laughs ]
- Oh, great.
You think this hit
was just about us?
Or us and the Irishman?
I don’t know.
How would Alvarez know
about the Irish?
Darby, man.
It was Darby.
The Nords and the Mayans
have joined forces.
I saw it happening
weeks ago when we
blew up that warehouse.
I told you we should’ve
handled it then.
This is Bloody Sunday,
brother.
We gotta call in
all the Sons.
All of them.
Kill this cracker/wetback
alliance now.
Tig’s right.
We need bodies, need guns.
You with us here?
We’re not ready for war.
We got no cash.
We got no weapons surplus.
Not to mention
A.T.F.’s still in place.
We can find cash and weapons.
The question is,
are you with us here?
Can you give us a minute?
Yeah, sure.
You think I’m distracted?
All this shit with my kid?
I’m very concerned
about your focus,
but I’m having serious
doubts about your level
of commitment to this club.
I risked my life
for 15 grand today
because this club needed it.
My commitment hasn’t changed.
And the damage that happened
to my family? Yeah.
I’m seeing things different.
Big picture shit–
For me, this club.
But I ain’t afraid
to get bloody, Clay.
I’m just afraid
all that blood’s
gonna kill Sam Crow.
Alvarez tried
to assassinate me today.
Right now, this is
only about blood.
And I’ll worry
about all that–
that big picture shit...
after this
score gets settled.
[ Exhales ]
We even out this shit
with Alvarez,
it’s gonna trigger a lot
of S.O.A./Mayan beefs.
I want you and Juice
to get on the horn.
All right?
Washington, Utah, Nevada–
I want the number one
and the number two...
in Charming by
the end of day tomorrow.
Clay, I’m worried
about this, okay?
Now, Jax is smart.
And I appreciate his lead
on a lot of stuff.
But where we gotta go now–
It ain’t about being smart.
It’s about killing shit.
I know.
No, no.
I mean,
I don’t trust him.
When push comes
to blood, I don’t.
I don’t think he’s got
the balls to pull a trigger,
you hear what I’m saying?
I hear you.
The slug in his ass
may have hit an artery.
It’s probably the only thing
that’s slowing down
the blood loss.
The only way we’re gonna
save this guy is we get
some surgical tools.
Like what?
Scalpels, clamps,
sutures, needles–
All that kind of shit.
- What happened?
- Ask him.
- Oh, my God.
- I’m fine.
I’m fine, I’m fine.
I knew it. Goddamn it.
I knew something bad
was happening.
Holy shit.
Where’d we get an ambulance?
[ Chibs ]
Numb-nuts stole it.
We’ll patch up the Irishman.
All right.
So what do you need me to do?
Well, we’re gonna have
a full house tomorrow.
Maybe you could prep that–
You know, food, booze.
Okay.
I’ll get the girls into it.
Mm-hmm.
Man, I hate this shit.
Mmm.
Love you.
Careful.
I love you.
Love you too.
[ Hayes Groaning ]
[ Chibs ]
Calm down.
Come on, hold him.
Hold him. Hold him.
Chibs.
Yeah?
Make a list of
the surgical shit you need.
- I’ll call Tara,
see if she can help.
- Okay, kid.
I appreciate
you helping us out.
Well, I’ll see
what I have in my kit.
I-I couldn’t take
anything from St. Thomas.
They inventory.
Yeah, of course.
Whatever you have’s fine.
Here’s some of the things
you need.
Great. Thanks.
[ Clears Throat ]
I’m not sure
what’s going on, Jax,
but I hope
it works out okay.
[ Whispers ]
Yeah.
I’m sorry.
For what?
You know, when I heard
you were back in town,
I ran the scenario
of how this would work–
You and me.
What’d it look like?
Like this.
You wondering what kind
of bad shit I was doing.
Me saying I’m sorry.
Yeah.
I guess this conversation
feels familiar.
Yeah.
Because I’m the same guy,
wearing the same cut.
But you– You’re someone
different, Doc.
That’s a good thing.
Tonight...
I saw a father
who loves his son.
No fear of being vulnerable,
of letting someone in.
It might be the same cut,
but it’s not the same guy.
Good night.
No! No!
Shh, shh.
[ Muffled ]
Jax!
No! No! Jax! Jax!
Shh, shh, shh.
Shh.
Good-bye, Mr. Crow.
Shh. You okay?
Jax!
No screaming.
You understand?
You’re hurting me.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry I had to do it
this way, Tara.
But I just–
I needed five minutes,
and I knew there was
no other way.
You’re in a lot
of trouble, Josh.
Please, just leave.
I won’t say anything.
Five minutes. I just need–
I need five goddamn minutes!
Okay.
Sure. Five minutes.
Let’s start over.
Okay?
Thank you for giving me
this chance.
I know that my behavior
has been less than chivalrous,
and I apologize for that.
Sometimes love–
passion– inspires
a man’s baser instincts.
He does things
he’s not proud of.
I’m sorry for those things.
I never meant to scare you.
But the restraining order–
Come on.
That was so out of the blue.
And it made me feel
like some kind of psycho.
I’m sorry.
I heard you, uh,
talking to Teller out there.
Sounded kind of intimate.
You and him–
That can never happen.
You know that.
You know that’s all wrong,
don’t you?
It’s okay.
Water under the bridge.
All that matters...
is this moment
right now–
You and me, Tara.
We have the chance
to put it all on the table.
Work it out.
Build the foundation
that this relationship needs.
Yes. Right.
Why don’t you–
Why don’t you start?
Okay.
[ Sighs ]
I guess I should talk
about, uh–
What do you want me to–
No– Oh, sweetie–
This is about
what you want.
This is your opportunity
to clear the air.
Tell me everything
that you think doesn’t work
in our relationship.
Be straight with me–
Brutally honest.
Okay.
Um–
I guess, you know,
I was concerned.
Back in Chicago, you–
you were very possessive.
Yes.
That’s true. Yes.
And I–
I– I got–
Frightened. I know.
Sometimes my energy
can be very big.
I’m an intense guy.
And I-I– I own that.
Yes.
Right. I got frightened.
That’s why I filed the
restraining order.
But you know now...
that there was nothing
to be afraid of, right?
You just, uh–
You weren’t used
to being loved...
so deeply.
Oh.
[ Laughs ]
Okay, relax.
Tar-Tar–
My little worry wart.
Is there anything else you–
you need to tell me?
Get off your conscience?
Our baby?
You don’t want
to mention that?
I had an abortion
at six weeks.
It was never a baby.
That’s right.
You had an abortion.
Didn’t bother to ask me
how I felt about it.
- It was my baby too.
- It was never a baby.
Oh!
You never gave him a chance.
[ Grunts ]
I know in my heart
this is the right thing.
What I feel for you, is–
It’s deep. It’s–
It’s God given.
[ Beeps ]
♪♪ [ Stereo: Pop ]
This is our chance
for a fresh start, Tara–
♪ Guess there’s no use
in hangin’ round ♪
To do it right this time.
♪ Guess I’ll get dressed
and do the town ♪
Let me–
Let me give you that gift.
[ Moans ]
No. No, wait!
Wait, Josh. Wait.
Please.
Please. Not this way.
It’s-It’s–
It’s a fresh start.
Um, make love to me.
Gentle, like I know you can.
Please, baby.
I know you don’t want
to hurt me.
I know you don’t.
I know you love me.
I do love you.
♪ Of anything to say ♪
Then love me.
♪ Since you’re gone
it happens every day ♪
♪ Can’t get used to losin’ you ♪
♪ No matter what I try to do ♪
♪ Gonna live my whole life
through ♪
I’m sorry.
[ Voice Breaking ]
I don’t want to hurt you.
I just–
I’m in so much pain.
When I think about you–
Do you have any idea
how this feels?
Shh.
I know, I know, baby.
But I’m with you now.
Right?
It’s just you and me–
Just Joshy and Tar-Tar.
Together.
♪ Guess that I am just
a hopeless case ♪
♪ Can’t get used
to losing you ♪
♪ No matter what
I try to do ♪
♪ Gonna live my whole life
through ♪
♪ Loving you ♪
Oh.
♪ I can’t get used
to losing you ♪
♪ No matter what
I try to do ♪
I love you so much.
♪ Gonna live my whole life
through ♪
♪ Loving you ♪
[ Moaning Softly ]
♪ Guess there’s no use
in hangin’ round ♪
♪ Guess I’ll get dressed
and do the town ♪
[ Gunshot ]
[ Groans ]
Oh, God.
You stupid bitch.
[ Groaning ]
Call an ambulance.
I’ll bleed out.
Tara–
Tara, I’m sorry.
Don’t let me die.
Please don’t let me die.
Please? I’m–
I’m– I’m sorry. I’m–
[ Beeping ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
Yeah?
[ Knocking ]
Holy Shit.
I couldn’t stop him.
I tried to talk to–
It’s okay. It’s all right.
Where is he?
The bedroom.
Give me that.
[ Josh Groaning ]
Oh, shit.
You stupid bitch.
I didn’t know what to do.
I shot him, Jax. I had to.
What do I– What do I do?
What do we do?
Okay. Okay.
We call this in.
You’re not gonna
get charged. He is.
They’re gonna patch him up.
He’ll do a few years
for assault.
Then he’s gonna be out–
Free to do this again.
No! He can’t
do this again, Jax.
Please.
[ Josh ]
Teller’s your solution?
- I can’t do this.
- You pathetic whore.
- Please.
- Once a biker slut, always a–
[ Screaming ]
[ Whimpering ]
It’s okay. It’s okay.
It’s okay.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Beeps ]
♪♪ [ Stereo: Pop ]
♪ Guess there’s no use
in hangin’ round ♪
♪ Guess I’ll get dressed
and do the town ♪
♪ I’ll find some
crowded avenue ♪
♪ Though it will be empty
without you ♪
♪ Can’t get used
to losin’ you ♪
♪ No matter what
I try to do ♪
♪ Gonna live my whole life
through ♪
♪ Loving you ♪
- ♪ Called up some girl
I used to know ♪
- [ Siren Blaring ]
♪ After I heard her
say hello ♪
- ♪ Couldn’t think
of anything to say ♪
- [ Radio Chatter ]
♪ Since you’re gone
it happens every day ♪
♪ Can’t get used
to losin’ you ♪
♪ No matter what
I try to do ♪
♪ Gonna live my whole life
through ♪
- ♪ Loving you ♪
- [ Crying ]
♪ I’ll find somebody
Wait and see ♪
♪ Who am I kiddin’
Only me ♪
♪ ’Cause no one else
could take your place ♪
♪ Guess that I am just
a hopeless case ♪
♪ Can’t get used
to losin’ you ♪
♪ No matter what
I try to do ♪
♪ Gonna live my whole life
through ♪
♪ Loving you ♪♪